Last time I was in a dilapidated house, someone beat me with a stick.
The sports director looked back before and saw that it was Li Xiaofang.
Last time I went to the little house to find you,
As soon as I left, I was knocked unconscious.
It should be him too.
Then there must be something wrong with this person.
But when he got off the bus, it was not like a bear got on.
They may be Tuan Kuo Suo.
I saw three beauty guides in that shabby house,
One is his.
Another one might be wearing a white hat.
There is also the cake at the back.
First, Li Xiaofeng has got off the car
Let's confirm it first
Is the cake in that person’s hand good?
I was confused for a while
had a dream
Dream waiting station
Xiao Xu and I are both standing
Let’s get down to business
Is it possible that it is true
How is it possible
this is a dream
I'm a bit of a hauler
I'll go to the police officer Du Qi in the back.
Do you think everyone in there is Uncle Huang? Who are you?